Update the extension version rules to match the API response (#3220)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/mv3/manifest/version/index.md

layout: "layouts/doc-post.njk"
title: "Manifest - Version"
date: 2013-05-12
updated: 2022-07-13
description: Reference documentation for the version property of manifest.json.
---

One to four dot-separated integers identifying the version of this extension. A couple of rules
apply to the integers:

> - They must be between 0 and 65535, inclusive.
> - Non-zero integers can't start with 0. For example, 99999 and 032 are both invalid.
> - They must not be all zero. For example, 0.0 and 0.0.0.0 are invalid versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- They must be between 0 and 65535, inclusive. For example, 99999 is invalid because it is too
  large.
- Non-zero integers can't start with 0. For example, 032 is invalid because it starts with a zero.
- They must not be all zero. For example, 0 and 0.0.0.0 are invalid while 0.1.0.0 is valid.
```
